I found a naked guy I mean this is
jujimufu there there's a lot of people
who have my similar physique here where
I'm not this giant guy I'm I'm maybe not
like skinny but I'm also definitely not
this huge bodybuilder guy yeah take off
your shirt and at the end of the video
I'll do my own routine and you'll help
me out with it we'll see what that looks
like yeah yeah it'll be great so even if
you're not posing your legs like you
still want to think from the floor up
root yourself in the ground usually I
just kind of like sit there and just Tor
my knees out then uh and then you can
start just posing your upper body from
there so at least think like hey I have
legs I should probably think about them
so now we're here and a good pose to
start with uh let's see your front lat
spr let's just do that one so there we
go so you got here here there I got this
tip from Antoine V who's a top 15
Olympia competitor when you do this pose
press into these muscles like you're
actually like oh push into your body
yeah yeah you're actually like pushing
into your abs so you're like squeezing
apps here and then shoulders elbows
forward oh that yeah so you see this
like I was right here before but with
yeah see that that was way better this
one does require a lot of shoulder
internal rotation it does to try to like
like when it's extreme like that you
don't need that but you need a little
bit because a lot of bodybuilders a lot
of people do this pose yeah they start
to feel pain there and yeah I this is
not even a stretch for me right there
for for most people like I could go
that'ss guys
Wow Let's Do A let's do a double biceps
so people start here and they kind of
get that Flex so it's like a style thing
they come here and then oh and I always
forget legs yeah yeah it's
just so when you do karate they teach
you how to do this so you don't break
your thumb when you punch someone like
that but in bodybuilding it's the
opposite so instead of doing that you
want to start here and wrap the thumb
interesting and then like you have a
like your curl it's like it's starts
from here and it goes here and then it
goes there so it's a better way of doing
a bicep pose rather than just like going
into it you like start uh let's do a
side pose real quick yeah so that one if
your target is there you always have to
keep in mind who your audience is is it
a a perfect sideways angle that you go
for you're actually doing this watch
this see my feet uhhuh there oh so you
want to twist more so basically you're
giving yourself a little bit more angle
to twist from so is it's a side chest
right is that what that's called so so
what you want to do is close up any
holes so if you like you don't want to
do a side chest like this you know so
you want to bring bigger yeah so you're
actually pressing your tricep against
your lat and you're actually like
pulling I'm like pulling down on this
and pushing down on this and bringing it
in packing so you're packing it all in
and closing up all your holes I wasn't
doing that my Bice my bicep was just
right there so against the lad yeah yeah
yeah wait you squeeze it over oh yeah it
looks bigger that's way better yeah oh
yeah that looks really good mhm and then
the shoulder is it front or is it back
uh so I like to bring the shoulder a
little forward to kind of squeeze this
Peck in see that there you go so instead
of like this I'm like
that yeah here we go and also you do a
side try
here makes sense let's get the back
let's go for that right now so pull your
arms back or yes there okay little bit
more essenti head down a bit more okay P
your arms back here so you're creating
that Christmas
tree yeah that's so way arching the back
a little bit right so watch me do it so
what's happening is because I'm keeping
all this up here like that yes it's
bringing out the lower back that's what
I'm doing and then I
can okay transfer to that so you start
way down here head is down yeah and
then yes there now put your hands there
boom
done done
yeah that's good yeah looks good man
yeah and you can kind of like lean back
a bit on this one cuz your target
audience is here yes oh that's what it
was well done I was extending my back
well
done that looks good and you just I've
never seen that before you just play
with that you know what I mean but
that's a it's a fun pose to work with
because a lot of things work and you can
also yes that one how do I do that what
okay let me show what is happening back
so I want to look at this when you go
for that pose uhuh uh I like to start
we're already here right yes so usually
this is the one after you do this pose
after the last breath I like to reach up
first arms high and then bring them here
uh and then this is where you're going
to really rock this pose okay
bodybuilders have a hard time doing this
you want to take your fists and pull
them backwards watch what happens to my
muscles when I do that see that oh the
external rotation of the shoulders okay
you have to do that and then kind of
squeeze yeah it requires a little bit of
that to do it correctly so let's say I
was just right here yeah right here
mhm oh that looks good and then the
external rotation okay so yeah fist fist
yeah bring them down a bit oh yeah so
this this is minimal external rotation
and then all right so this is actually
pretty useful for you guys like watch
this do it with no external rotation
yeah so that's what most people do
they're like you know they're like this
you have to be to pull those fists back
and then it's going to make it pop you
when you're right here when you're just
flexing the top of your shoulders are
toward the ceiling but when you do this
the top of your shoulders are almost
facing the back now you can actually see
those that definition so if you do it
correctly you should feel like you're
actively stretching your shoulder like
pulling them back like it's getting
pinched and stuff for you you're so good
at that it's not a stretch but it is a
really intense contraction all through
the traps through the shoulders here and
then my biceps started lighting up a
little I my left one started
cramping I also like to like don't do
that don't you know that doesn't make
any sense really but it's just kind of
level so it's it's right here where I
normally would do it but leveling it out
a little bit and extremely rotating
there you
go oh yeah oh man posing is an
interesting mixture of like relaxing
certain muscles and tightening certain
muscles and putting everything in weird
positions and just holding your breath
you know just like it's hard to breathe
when you're posing yeah I'm I'm out of
breath breath already yeah so let's go
through most muscular and then abs and
thighs most muscular is a fun pose let's
find one of the three variations that
you like Okay so let's try this one
first let me see what it looks like on
you oh this is what I can do okay you're
going to want to pull your shoulders
forward yeah and kind of am I lifting my
chest no you're going to flex your abs
on this one you're crunch down yeah like
that there you go okay so the one with
the hands on the hips yeah is isn't as
used as much because it's really only
useful for people with long arms so I
don't know how long your arms are are
they long are they long I don't know is
this wingspan looks long it's pretty
long I could look at it looks long so
that might be a good variation for you
but if anyone's watching if you're
wondering which one's for you if you
have long arms that's a good one this
one is better for people with shorter
arms but it's good all around that
that's it that's a little better yeah
again it's like you don't want to be
like too there's a little bit of hole
closing here again I know some people
they don't really clasp their hands they
just
so this one yeah so for that one you're
going to kind of Lean Forward again
you're like trying to throw all this out
see that yeah so go ahead and uh lean
more forward bring your arms out a bit
there yes that's it that yeah there you
go oh and then you can flex your traps
too yeah see the traps I can make those
jump there I've never seen my traps like
that actually yeah
so there you go so really it's a choice
whichever one you feel comfortable with
you know that whole pose I just throw
honest well my favorite pose is the back
posing okay that's my favorite looks
like that's your favorite posing too lat
lat spreads are definitely my favorite
for sure they're great and then the last
one would be abs and thighs that one
might be my favorite all right so this
one's difficult because well it's thighs
so the legs are difficult to do on this
one this leg is turned out this leg is
forward and you're pushing your knee out
while rooting so really there's a lot of
different ways to do this but in order
to bring all this back out like to get
this to pop you kind of have to press
into this ground with I'm used to just
doing this and calling it a day this
yeah that kind like grab the ground with
your feet push it forward and then just
kind of like rotate the knees like this
everything else is lo see that yeah
there I can actually see something in
there yeah leg posing is tricky yeah
okay so the upper body reach up and then
you're going to put your hands behind
your head and you're going to let all
your air out
go that's it legs
it's a hard pose to hold yeah I actually
really like this one you do yeah it
looks good for you and if yeah you can
do that too just a little style adding
there
yeah yeah this one's my favorite right
here yeah there we go that looks good I
would throw out that right foot a little
bit Yeah throw it out a little oh head
give yeah oh yeah yeah that one's my
favorite that one in a lat spread lat
spread I'm always going to do a lat
yeah that's a fun one to do you look
like you look like a trophy or something
and now it's time for David your te and
we're give him the performance enhancing
water
spray just so you
listen there you go all right you ready
it's my cold exposure for the day right
all right yeah all right here we go
[Music]
yeah
buddy is that your first bodybuilding
routine that was let's go let's go bro
you're either that sweat or that's a
spray I don't know I both honestly all
right little combo and you did this
really well I like this part there
uh-huh with the you showed the you
showed your back there yeah that was
really I didn't even tell you to do that
you did it right before you did this I
just copied what you did I didn't know I
was doing so that was really good
awesome all right well that's that yeah
there we go thank you all right stay
flexy yeah stay flexy